behold my servant whom I uphold my elect
one in whom my soul delights I have put
my spirit upon him he will bring forth
justice to the Gentiles he will not cry
out nor raise his voice nor cause his
voice to be heard in the street the
bruised Reed he will not break and
smoking flax he will not quench he will
bring forth justice for truth he will
not fail nor be discouraged till he has
established justice in the earth and the
coastlands
shall wait for his law thus says God the
Lord who created the heavens and
stretched them out who spread forth the
earth and that which comes from it who
gives breath to the people on it and
spirit to those who walk on it
i the lord have called you in
righteousness and will hold your hand i
will keep you and give you as a covenant
to the people as a light to the gentiles
to open blind eyes to bring out
prisoners from the prison who sit in
darkness from the prisoners I am the
Lord that is my name and my glory I will
not give to another nor my praise took
carved images behold the former things
have come to pass
and new things I declare before they
spring forth I tell you
[Music]
sing to the Lord a new song and his
praise from the ends of the earth you
who go down to the sea and all that is
in it you coastlands a new inhabitants
of them let the wilderness and its
cities lift up their voice the villages
that keator inhabits let the inhabitants
of Selah sing let them shout from the
top of the mountains let them give glory
to the Lord and declare his praise in
the coastlands the Lord shall go forth
like a mighty man he shall stir up his
zeal like a man of war he shall cry out
yes
shout aloud he shall prevail against his
enemies I have held my peace a long time
I have been still and restrained myself
now I will cry like a woman in labor
I will pant and gasp at once I will lay
waste to the mountains and hills and dry
off all their vegetation I will make the
rivers coastlands and I will dry up to
the pools I will bring the blind by a
way they did not know I will lead them
in paths they have not known I will make
darkness light before them and crooked
places straight these things I will do
for them and not forsake them
they shall be turned back they shall be
greatly ashamed who trust in carved
images who say to the molded images you
are our gods here you deaf
and look you blind that you may see who
is blind but my servant or deaf as my
messenger whom I send who is blind as he
who is perfect and blind as the Lord
servant
seeing many things but you do not
observe opening the ears but he does not
hear the Lord is well pleased for his
righteousness sake he will exalt the law
and make it honorable but this is a
people robbed and plundered all of them
are snared in holes and they are hidden
in prison houses they are for prey and
no one delivers for plunder and no one
says restore who among you will give ear
to this who will listen and hear for the
time to come who gave Jacob for plunder
and Israel to the robbers was it not the
Lord he against whom we have sinned for
they would not walk in his ways nor were
they obedient to his law therefore he
has poured on him the fury of his anger
and the strength of battle it has set
him on fire all around yet he did not
know and it burned him yet he did not
take it to heart
you
[Music]